[CommonScripts] Fix comparison key in ProvidesCommand script (#32552)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_13_32.md

#### Scripts

##### ProvidesCommand

> - Fixed an issue where the comparison key wasn't the same when checking that a command is part of enabled instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script would miss enabled commands due to a mismatch between comparison key when checking that a command is part of enabled instances.
```
